DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us,
but then out of nowhere, we were invaded by these
mysterious evil Mechtogan,
who were intent on destroying everything!
Coredegon, Slycerak, Exostriker, and Mandibor
were their names-- and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer, so we fought back.
Because no one is going to take our freedom!
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah, this is the final stand \u266a
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
\u266a The power's in your hands
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan \u266a
\u266a
Okay, I can do this.
Not bad.
But I can go higher!
Even higher!
(Grunting)
Oof! Yes! That was awesome!
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
AEROGAN: All my practicing has paid off. I'm ready for a real fight.
Finally, I think I'm ready to go for it.
I hope Mistress doesn't get upset with me,
but I really believe that I'm ready for my first battle.
Earth, here I come.
\u266a
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Jump to Victory!
(Horns honking)
Whoa! So this is Bakugan City!
It's even more awesome than I expected!
There's people and Bakugan everywhere.
I should have no problem finding somebody to battle.
Now let's see, who looks like a good match?
(Grunting)
Nothing like a hard day's work to make you feel good.
Whoa, he looks like a tough guy. Let's check it out.
Hey pal, what's up?
Who the heck are you?!
I'm the baddest new Bakugan in town,
and I'm looking for a battle.
So why are you bothering me? Can't you see I'm busy here?
Now get lost, kid!
Hey, watch it! Dude needs to chill out,
I'm just looking for a battle. What's the big deal, huh?
(Snoring)
Hm, those guys look friendly. I'll try them.
What's happening?!
(Groaning)
Whoops! I'll just come back later.
Hey, hey, hey! Gather round and check out my sick moves!
Finally, sounds like this dude is looking for a battle.
Hey, man! I'm ready to scope those sick moves of yours.
You wanna battle right here, then?
Whoa! You got it wrong, pal! What?
I was only talking about my dance moves.
If it's a battle you want,
you have to go to one of the Battle Arenas.
Battle Arenas? Yeah, man!
That's where all the competitive Bakugan battles
happen here on Earth!
Wicked! Thanks for the tip, bro.
\u266a
What the heck do you mean all the Battle Arenas are closed?
Sorry pal, it's true.
But why? I don't get it!
With all the craziness happening around here
since Wiseman and the Nonets showed up,
everyone thought it was a good idea to postpone
the games until things settle down a bit.
That stinks! I want to battle now! I'm ready now!
Huh? Are you really that selfish, or just crazy?
Scram, punk!
AEROGAN: Whoa! Oof! Big truck!
Phew, big bouncy truck.
Augh! Oh, come on!
Gross! Don't birds ever brush their teeth?
Geronimo!
Ow, my face!
I just want this to be over!
Augh! Land somewhere soft! Land somewhere soft!
Whoa! Oof! Huh?
Hm, I don't know what this stuff is but it sure is delicious.
Augh!
Uh...
Uh, hi. Are you okay?
\u266a
It sounds like you've had a really rough day.
Ugh, it's been pretty humiliating, actually.
I came here to battle and I wind up getting bounced around
like a ping-pong ball! Thanks for being so nice to me.
Well, of course!
This is Bakugan City, where everyone lives in harmony.
I'm just sorry your introduction here wasn't... the best.
Anyway, what's your name?
Oh, right. My name is Aerogan.
Hey, Aerogan. Nice to meet to.
Thanks! I'm really glad it's your drink that I landed in.
Say, what's your name? Mistress, uh...
Don't worry about the Mistress. Just call me Runo!
Well, Runo, I've traveled all this way
and the arenas are closed!
Can you help me find someone to battle against?
I don't know, I don't think it's a good idea
with Wiseman still on the loose.
A friendly battle could be a costly distraction.
AEROGAN: Are you sure?
RUNO: My teammates, the Battle Brawlers and I,
have been keeping a vigilant watch for signs of trouble.
We can't afford to slip, 'cause it would spell doom!
Did you saw the Battle Brawlers? Those guys are legends!
And you're a member? That's totally awesome!
Yeah, I just recently re-joined to help them out.
AEROGAN: As a battler?
Well, these days I'm acting more as a remote backup
for the Brawlers since I don't have a partner Bakugan
at the moment.
Seriously? You're flying solo?!
That's right, but I don't mind.
I'm still an important part of the team.
Speaking of partners, where's yours?
Did you guys get separated or are you flying solo too?
AEROGAN: Actually, that's another reason I came to Bakugan City.
To find a partner?
That's right! But it looks like I can cross that item
off my list, doesn't it?
Huh?
Mistress Runo! Would you do me the great honour
of being my battling partner?
Huh?!
Think about it. You're a Brawler without a Bakugan,
and I'm a Bakugan without a Brawler. It's perfect!
Besides, I'm tired of training by myself!
Hm...
\u266a
So anyway, that's how I first met Aerogan,
and he hasn't left my side ever since.
All I've ever wanted to do was battle, guys.
So what do you say? Can I join your team? Please?
Please, please, please, please, please?
(Laughing)
Well, I certainly have to give you points for enthusiasm.
(Chirping)
You can agree with Marucho all you want, Roxtor.
But I think the kid's being a bit pushy.
(Chuckling)
He reminds me of you.
What are you talking about?
So tell us why you're so anxious to battle.
Well, my specialty has always been jumping.
It's what I'm good at.
So that's what my Mistress always had me practicing.
That's all I would do, day after day. Jump up and down,
and up and down, from dawn til dusk.
But eventually I got kinda bored of being up in the clouds
and began to wonder what was beyond them.
So here I am, fellas. Ready to put my skills to the test
in an actual battle.
Do you really think just because you're a good jumper
you'll be a good battler?
AEROGAN: Well, how am I ever gonna find out if I don't
give battling a try?
I'll never know if I just stick to jumping in the dirt.
It's clear to me that you don't understand
what it truly means to be a battler.
Why are you talking to me like I'm a kid?
You sound just like my Mistress.
So, Dan, tell me, what do you think, huh?
I think that Runo, you brought him home,
so he's your problem to deal with now.
Fine! You're no help.
So, do you see anything interesting, Mira?
MIRA: Well, he's definitely got superior jumping ability,
that's for sure.
I told you guys! That's all I do day in and day out.
Speaking of which, my legs are cramping up,
which means I should practice.
You mean like, right now?
Yeah, it's the only way I can work out the stiffness.
Do you know anywhere around here that I might be able to
get some practice in, Mistress Runo?
Uh, practice?
\u266a
Whoa... this training in the mountains thing
is more Shun's kinda speed, not mine.
For a guy who left home because he was sick of training,
you're working it pretty hard there, Aerogan.
AEROGAN: I said I wanted to do more than just train,
not quit it all together.
(Giggling)
But I've gotta tell you, I'm really happy to be here with you
even if it's only for a daily workout.
But I'd love it if it were more!
So what do you say, can we be partners?
Please, please, please--
Stop with all this \"partner\" stuff!
I gave up battling a long time ago, anyhow. Okay?
What? Why the heck would you do that?
Well, you see, my old partner Bakugan, Tigrerra, and I
decided that rather than battle on the front line,
we would take a more defensive role instead.
You mean you focused on staying behind
and protecting your family?
Mm-hm. But enough talking about me.
We're here so you can get your training in.
'Cause that's what you're gonna have to do
if you want to be a battler.
Okay, then. Get a load of this!
Wow!
\u266a
Well, well, well. Hmph.
Dragonoid Destroyer! Get ready to rumble!
WISEMAN: Vengeance will soon be yours, Nonets!
I thought Runo was merely the battle suit operator.
WORTON: I've never seen that Bakugan before, but if she's here
training him, then surely they are battling partners.
They should be easy to defeat.
Balista, why are you so quiet?
(Growling)
WORTON: Trust me, Balista, it's better that you forget what you saw
just for now.
We need to keep our eyes on the main target, understood?
No reason. Just thinking about the battle ahead.
(Panting)
That was great. Why don't you take a little breather?
AEROGAN: Nah, I've got a few more in me. Just give me a sec, okay?
You really put 110% into things.
I bet your Mistress would be really proud
if she could see you now, Aerogan.
Do you really think so?
Yup. Gee, thanks!
Huh?
RUNO: Wiseman!
So you were a battler too then, Runo.
Perhaps you should show me what you're made of.
Oh, I don't think so, pal. I left that life behind. Got it?
AEROGAN: Of course we'll fight, you creep.
And we'll wipe the floor with you too, got it?!
Hold on!
Mistress Runo! You've seen how much strength
and endurance I have, we can do this! Trust me!
Hah-hah-hah. Looks like your Bakugan
has enough arrogance for the both of you.
Hm...
DAN: Wiseman!
If you wanna fight, take us on!
Dan!
AEROGAN: How did you find us?
Mira told us you were off to train, so we had her track you
from Runo's BakuMeter signal.
Looks like we got here just in time.
Dan Kouzo! If you're planning on lecturing me,
you better think twice, buddy!
Hold on, Runo.
We didn't come here to lecture you.
We came to apologize.
Huh? Wait a sec!
Well I guess I accept, then.
(Groaning)
Let's do this, Wiseman.
My pleasure, Kouzo.
Bakugan... brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Rise, Ventus Worton!
Rise, Aquous Balista!
Bakugan... brawl!
Baku Sky Raiders, jump!
Go Pyrus, using Dragonoid!
(Roaring)
Baku Sky Raider, jump!
Go Haos Reptak!
\u266a
Ability activate!
Switch blizzard!
No way! So intense.
Watch this!
Your turn, professor!
Ability activate...
Dawn tentacle!
(Grunting)
Ability activate!
Spar hook!
Target locked!
Engage!
Wicked!
Ability activate... hyper agility!
No way!
Where do you think you're going?
Give it up! Your attacks are utterly futile against a Nonet!
You won't get away with this, Worton.
Don't worry! I've got plenty to go around!
(Pained shouting)
Drago!
Hah! Are you ready for this now? It's time to combine.
Say the words!
Bakugan fuse!
\u266a
(Roaring)
Whoa! This is crazy intense.
We are not gonna lose this! Do you hear me, Wiseman?!
Drago, Reptak! Time to combine, guys!
Right!
Fusion ability activate!
Hydro monsoon!
(Roaring wildly)
Drago, Reptak, now!
Oh no! Mistress Runo?!
It's okay, they can still win this fight.
Uh...
Drago, you okay?
Never better.
I thought I had strength and endurance, but these guys...
It's clear to me that you don't understand
what it truly means to be a battler.
Drago was right. I didn't then. But I sure do now.
Ability activate!
Say what?
DRAGO: Once you've been hit by hydro monsoon,
you're paralyzed from activating any of your own abilities
for quite some time.
Even in dark moments like this, Drago and Reptak
will never give up the fight, Aerogan.
Because they want to protect us!
(Moaning)
That was a tough one, but we've faced worse. Right, Drago?
You bet. That was just a warm-up.
Let's show him that the bond between Bakugan and humans
can't be broken!
You really need a new speech.
(Roaring)
What the...
Not again!
(Shouting)
No way!
I finally understand what it truly means
to be a battler.
Please, Mistress Runo. Let me help out with this battle.
Wiseman! You may have won that round, but we're not done yet!
You hear me? Not even close!
WORTON: That's tough talk for a loser!
AEROGAN: This isn't about me testing my skills
or being bored with my training.
Dragonoid destroyer!
AEROGAN: I finally found my true reason to battle!
Please let me help.
Bakugan... brawl!
I can honestly say it's what my original mistress
back home would have wanted.
Yeah, you're right!
Dan, here comes a little help from your friends.
All right! Bakugan brawl!
Are you ready, Drago?
DRAGO: You bet!
Bakugan brawl!
Ride on!
DAN: Jumping attack!
Here I go!
Spar hook!
(Roaring)
Earth revolver!
Let 'em have it!
Attack!
I told you your attacks were useless!
I see an opening!
Ability, activate!
Lightning smasher!
Whoa-oh-oh-oh!
Huh?
(Booming)
(Groaning)
Nice one! Great job!
Huh? Whoa! I did it! I totally thrashed that dude!
Fusion ability, activate!
Blast bow!
No way!
You'll never defeat me!
(Booming)
But I thought I destroyed him.
Keep your guard up, Aerogan.
Nonets are the most evil of evil.
They're not going to go down so easily. Remember that.
Aw, man. What are we gonna do now?
(Roaring)
Watch out, Aerogan!
Yah! Oof!
We've gotta hold on!
Not the twister again!
We can't get through it, so we're going to have to
attack from above again.
I'm pinned down pretty good here.
I don't think I can make it that high.
Whoa... higher than before, but I think I can do it.
\u266a
Dragonoid Destroyer only has enough juice for one more attack
so you're gonna have to do it on your own!
I'm on it! I'll just have to give it my best leap.
Hold on! Maybe I can give you some help!
Let's do it, then!
\u266a
This is my stop. The rest is up to you, kid.
I've got this.
Okay, then! alley-oop!
Fight!
I'm gonna do this, because the Brawlers taught me
what it means to battle for all the right reasons!
Time to drop the hammer.
Whoa-oh-oh-oh!
You think that lousy attack will work on me?
Absolutely!
Force cannon!
(Booming)
Now! Give it all you got, kid!
Go, Aerogan!
Whoa!
(Booming)
Now, Dragonoid Destroyer!
Hyper cross cannon!
(Roaring)
Hmph. I must confess, you took me by surprise today.
Yeah!
(Panting)
Uh, best jump ever!
Thanks!
So you actually found your true reason for battling.
Yeah, but I forgot it already.
Uh, are you serious?!
Nah, I'm just messing with you.
Which is what partners do with each other, right?
Right!
I wanna thank you again, Mistress Runo,
for being so awesome to me.
I had an amazing time and learned so much.
But I think it's time I go back home to finish my training.
\u266a
Mistress, I'm sorry for running off like that
without telling you.
But I learned many valuable lessons
during my time on Earth.
I actually got to fight alongside the Battle Brawlers
with my new partner, Runo.
Runo? I know of her! No doubt you did much learning
during your time with her.
But now you are back home, and your focus must return
to jumping practice. So off you go.
Yes, Mistress.
Runo, even though much time has passed and we are far apart,
our hearts still share a bond.
Wherever you may be, I wish only safety and happiness
for you and the rest of the Brawlers.
BALISTA: For too long, we have been awaiting the vengeance
that Wiseman has promised us against Drago.
My Nonet brothers and I suspected
he was hiding something.
Hidden deep inside our hideout, I found a prisoner
who looked exactly like Wiseman. But who was he?
Before we could answer that question,
the Brawlers infiltrated our fortress.
If you can muster the courage, I suggest you tune in to watch
what will surely be the demise of Drago and the Brawlers.
Who knows? Perhaps we'll even take out Wiseman!
\u266a